CLI(command-line interface) : Builders API ex: ng-build, ng-test and ng-run
Builder : @Angular-Devkit/Build Angular @angular/Bazel
Tools : Webpack, Typescript, Terser, Roll-up

Angular 2 : built in the concept of the component
Angular 4 : it supports Typescript
Angular 5 : bring lots of features and many new improvements
Angular 6 : building interactive web applications and Typescript, which is a super-set of JavaScript.
Angular 7 : focuses on the Ivy project
Angular 8 : supports for web workers

Backward compatibility mode router that helps to generate the path for large projects and make it easier to move to Angular with lazy loading.
A web worker is included while building the production bundles, which are essential for improving the parallel ability and help to increase the performance.
Lazy loading is based on the concepts of Angular Routing and it helps bring down the size of large files by lazily loading the data that are required.
Opt-in sharing telemetry can collect data commands used and the build speed if users allow them, which will help developers improve in the future.

Angular JS VS Angular
----------------------
Angular JS is a JavaScript-based open-source front end web development.
Angular is a typescript based full-stack web application framework.
----------------------
Angular JS uses the concept of scope or controller.
Angular uses the hierarchy of components in place of scope and controllers.
----------------------
Angular JS does not support dynamic loading of the page.
Angular supports dynamic loading of the page.
----------------------
Angular JS has simple syntax and used on HTML pages.
Angular uses different expression syntax uses “[ ]” for property binding and “( )” event binding.
----------------------
Angular JS is a simple JavaScript file, used with HTML pages, and does not support the features of server site programming languages.
It uses Typescript language which provides class-based object-oriented programming languages and support features of server site programming language.

Angular Keywords :

CDK : The Component Dev Kit (CDK) is a set of tools that implement common interaction patterns while being preserve about their presentation.
CLI : It is a command-line tool for creating angular apps.
Ng : All of the built-in directives that craft with Angular use that prefix ng.

The essential modules :

Modules : Angular 8 app has provided the bootstrap mechanism
Some interactive features of Angular 8 modules : 
- NgModules import the functionality from another NgModules just like other JavaScript modules.
- NgModules allow their functionality to be imported and used by other modules

Components :
Every angular project has at least 1 component, the root component, and the root components connect the component with a page Document Object Module (DOM). 
Each component defines a class which contains data, application, logic, and it is binding with the HTML template. 

Templates :
The angular template integrates the HTML with Angular mark-up that can modify HTML elements before they are displayed. 
It provides program logic, and binding mark-up connects to your application data and the DOM.

Metadata :
Decorators are the metadata in Angular. It is used to enhance the class so it can configure the expected behavior of a class.

Data-binding :
Event Binding: Our app responds to user input in the target environment by updating our application data.
Property Binding: It interpolates values that are computed from application data into the HTML : [property]="value"
Interpolation: {{value}}: Interpolation sums the value of the property to the component.

Directives :
Directives used for expanding the functionality of HTML elements.
Three types :
Structural Directive, Attribute directive and component directives

Services :
Services used to reuse the code.

Dependency Injection :
It is a design pattern for efficiency and modularity.
DI is wired into Angular into an Angular framework and used everywhere to provide new component with new services. 

Pipes:
A class with the @Pipe decorator defines a function which transforms an input value to output value for display in an amount.

Update commandes :
Ng update @angular/cli @angular/core

The benefits of Angular 8 :
Google Supported Community : Google’s long-term support (LTS)
Plain Old JavaScript Object (POJO) : It used every object as an everyday old JavaScript object. It provides JavaScript functionality to enable manipulation of an object such as adding properties or removing properties from the purpose.
Declarative User Interface : Angular uses HTML to define the view part of an Application, which is a complex language.
Typescript : It promotes high security. It is easy to debug typescript code in an editor or a browser. 
Modular Structure : Angular organizes code into modules whether it is components, directives, pipes, or services.
Consistency in code : It maximizes the readability of the code.